hooks: add hook for countryinfo (#76)
pyinstaller/pyinstaller-hooks-contrib: news/75.new.rst

> Collecting metadata and data files for countryinfo module version 0.1.2
> 
> https://pypi.org/project/countryinfo/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collect metadata and data files for ``countryinfo`` to support version 0.1.2.
```
